# Intro-to-CS-Final-Project-Gaming-Social-Network
# Background # ========== # You and your friend have decided to start a company that hosts a gaming # social network site. Your friend will handle the website creation (they know  # what they are doing, having taken our web development class). However, it is  # up to you to create a data structure that manages the game-network information  # and to define several procedures that operate on the network.  # # In a website, the data is stored in a database. In our case, however, all the  # information comes in a big string of text. Each pair of sentences in the text  # is formatted as follows:  #  # &lt;user> is connected to &lt;user1>, ..., &lt;userM>.&lt;user> likes to play &lt;game1>, ..., &lt;gameN>. # # For example: #  # John is connected to Bryant, Debra, Walter.John likes to play The Movie: The Game, The Legend of Corgi, Dinosaur Diner. #  # Note that each sentence will be separated from the next by only a period. There will  # not be whitespace or new lines between sentences. #  # Your friend records the information in that string based on user activity on  # the website and gives it to you to manage. You can think of every pair of # sentences as defining a user's profile. # # Consider the data structures that we have used in class - lists, dictionaries, # and combinations of the two (e.g. lists of dictionaries). Pick one that # will allow you to manage the data above and implement the procedures below.  #  # You may assume that &lt;user> is a unique identifier for a user. For example, there # can be at most one 'John' in the network. Furthermore, connections are not  # symmetric - if 'Bob' is connected to 'Alice', it does not mean that 'Alice' is # connected to 'Bob'. # # Project Description # ==================== # Your task is to complete the procedures according to the specifications below # as well as to implement a Make-Your-Own procedure (MYOP). You are encouraged  # to define any additional helper procedures that can assist you in accomplishing  # a task. You are encouraged to test your code by using print statements and the  # Test Run button. 
